Added ArduinArm! (#114)
hackclub/winter: skumm00.md

---
name: "@Skumm00"
project: "Robot Arm"
---

#  Project Name - ArduinArm

##  Summary

> My project is going to be a custom-controlled, Arduino-powered, robot arm. I've used 3-d printers and worked with Arduino circuits at my middle school, so I believe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
My project is going to be a custom-controlled, Arduino-powered, robot arm. I've used 3D printers and worked with Arduino circuits at my middle school, so I believe
```

this project shadows my skills well while still being a challenging build. Plus, this project would be a great introduction into the field of mechatronics, which is

> the usage of automated engineering (like 3-d printers and CNCs) for industrial development, which is a field I would like to consider in the future. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the usage of automated engineering (like 3D printers and CNCs) for industrial development, which is a field I would like to consider in the future. 
```
